our deepest fear is not that we are
inadequate our deepest fear is that we
are powerful beyond measure beyond
measure and we'll show you all right
i'll ask man i cut the light off my baby
it's which was in the bed for the room
with though i will show you already on
the last week i'm burning around angela
stone hospitalized a brick I'm so mean i
make medicine i will show you
already this kid's gonna be the best in
the world this kid's gonna be somebody
better than anybody ever knew i'm gonna
show you i'll bet i have browser what I
alligator I don't toss a little whale
out of hand cuff lightnings those funds
in jail i will show you over there
are you jump to go about when I'm with
him oh yeah I know you've got it I know
you got it big but the magazine cover
whoa
so do you already know the world ain't
all sunshine and rainbows it's a very
mean and nasty place and I don't care
how tough you are
will beat you to your knees and keep you
there permanently if your life will be a
nobody he's gonna hit his heart his life
are you kidding it's about how hard you
that's how you lose
you gotta go through to get to where you
want to get who got the right to stop
something and you don't know
to listen to your gut ain't nobody
un could be way
that was your work but you gotta be
willing to take
and not pointing fingers saying you
ain't where you want to be
or anybody cowards do that and that
ain't you
you berry much
I think this fear is that be a
Ramon I champion Who am I im a champion
I